chore: Upgrade Docusaurus to 3.7.x (#52636)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/release_notes/april_2024.md

- Reduced friction for large records. Airbyte's platform no longer limits how large a record from the source can be. Instead, each destination has their own unique limit constraints. When a destination receives a large record, the primary key and cursor will be retained, but all other data in the record will be nulled. Any modifications to the record will be stored within `airbyte_meta.changes` for your review within the destination.

> - A new OSS [Quickstart](/using-airbyte/getting-started/quickstart) that automatically manages all install steps for you. Mac users can also use Brew to install the `abctl` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new OSS [Quickstart](/deploying-airbyte/oss-quickstart) that automatically manages all install steps for you. Mac users can also use Brew to install the `abctl` command.
```
